Today was an intersting start to the day.

As I'm diving back into technology more and more I'm trying to get myself more settled and more organised as I go along and trying to find the ways that best suit me for organising time, projects, resources, etc...

I was wanting to go back to my favourite app that dealt with everything in a way I liked, only to find that they have paywalled everything I used a lot and needed from the app to help me be as producive as possible.

Que a raging bull of a developer as I saw just how much content I had lost and how much greed the company was showing before deleting my account and telling them how they have become money hungry.

Also que me finally snapping out of it and deciding to build my own productivity app that is tailored to my own personal needs.

I've written out all the main features I want in this website I want to build and realised that there is a lot of knowledge gaps in my current web development knowledge.

So the plan is, rattle on through Odin at the pace I've been going at, and level up on Codewars to meet all the things that Odin might not touch, and then go back and make the app I want to make, but also make it open source so that others can benefit from it as well as myself, as I'm sure that I'm not the only one who is annoyed at having their favourite resource become paywalled.

As a personal side, I do agree with having as much high quality open source and freeware projects as possible to help those on lower incomes (such as myself), with payment for things more geared towards corporations.

# The Odin Project - Ruby - Object Orientated Programming Basics

Continuing to read through the required reading for this topic, so far it is mainly relearning things from back in high school (Anyone reading remember being taught on Visual Basic?).

The section on open source culture was intersting to read, I did read the entire artcle despite TOP suggesting to only read section one. It gave me ideas, while it doesn't often show on this diary (It is a diary after all...), I'm quite good at doing documentation. I think I might try and see if there is anywhere that I can help out with the documentation of to dip my toes into the water as such.

There is an awful lot of information to ready through for this section of TOP, I'm currently on task 3  of 9, will hopefully have it done sometime this week.

The book in task 3 is a rehash of all the learning done in task one. However it is incredibly useful, so it is going to go into my resource lists as a reference for whenever I need it.

Completed all the resources and assignments for OOP Lesson. The style guide wasn't wanting to load for me today, it took a few times to get it to work. That and the error handling website will also both be added into my Notion collection.

Next up for TOP is the Tic Tac Toe project.

I already have this done in Python, so will look at that and see how to convert it into Ruby, but that is a task for the next session which is either later today or tomorrow.