Happy times, it has been over 21 days of me updating this daily and giving daily updates. To me, this is a huge step forward.

While I've done different amounts every day, the fact that I'm still here and doing things is a massive step in the right direction, and I'm beginning to look forward to coming on to do tech work and write about it in here.

Would like to do more for the day, however it's after midnight, so I'm going to have to call it quits and go sleep, plus I don't feel like it deserves to be in the 20th's day even though by all accounts it is the 20th already, heh...

... I hope my neighbours will let me sleep tonight ...

# Intentions
- Debugging Code

# Job Hunting
I had a recruiting agency get in touch with me on LinkedIn to let me know about their services, so looked into that and will be applying for some jobs through them, which is all good there.

Heard nothing back about any other position I have applied for.

# Tic-Tac-Toe
After having another thought on it, I think I know what is going wrong and how to fix it, however I don't have the full context in my head just yet, as a result I've updated the psudocode for it and letting the context of it sit for a while.

I've been learning that just sitting on a problem and doing other things while it stews in the background is as powerful as others say it can be.

# Github
I didn't like the fact that I didn't have a pretty github aboutme on my page, so I made one.
It went a lot simpler than expected to get it put together.

Might make it more fancy down the road when I have more skills to do so.