Today has been a bad weather day here in Scotland, lots of harr and rain all day. Made me wonder what I should do to make my windows look happier even when outside isn't the greatest.

Might look into little lights to go on the windowsill, at the very least buying new candles to go up there as it's lovely to have them up.

Also might look at some things to stick on the window, like light catchers, they can also be pretty when it comes to other things too.

Would also like some more art and things on the walls too, but also, landlord... I still want that pegboard.

All plans for future! And things to keep in mind going forward.

One thing - I need to sort my posture out, so will look into things to use at my desk to move my laptop for better posture there.

# Intentions
- Poke at Tic-Tac-Toe some more
- Think on structure of learning from here on out and try to get something in place
- Check the job market

# Checked Job Market
Nothing really there.

# Learning Structure
I think overall I'm okay with the way that I am doing things, putting in place a more ridgid schedule and plan wouldn't do me any good right now, and would do me more harm than good. I'll hold off from this unless I end up with a teacher to put me into such a schedule for me.

# Tic-Tac-Toe
It was poked. Some more ideas are forming, I'm forming them at a slow rate, but they are there.

# Code Wars
Done two kata and levelled up to 6 kyu in Ruby.

First one was quite interesting, "Stop gninnipS My sdroW!" is what it was called. I guessed most of it without having to look things up, only had to look up how to do one or two commands from it.

The second kata I did was "Number of trailing zeros of N!", that was super maths heavy and I learnt a few new things in maths that I didn't know of beforehand.

For now, I think I'm done with programming for the day and going to switch to other topics of study for the night.

Saving this one for later - https://www.codewars.com/kata/5314b3c6bb244a48ab00076c