Had a busy day, got a new position at volunteering, will talk about it further down.

Also had a dinner that I was proud of making. It was a take on soboro don, except I had no chicken so it used beef instead. Chicken mince is super hard to find here in Scotland.

Feeling a lot better compared to the past couple of days and so intend to get more work done.

Feeling unsettled tonight.

# Intentions
- Kimi no Na wa
- Productivity Website

# Volunteering
Today at volunteering there was a meeting for the new project starting up, it's a place for people to come and interact with others while having a cup of tea and a cake.

It seems to be interesting, the concept is to help combat lonliness that has been happening due to isolation. As a volunteer I'd be responsible for helping to set up and clean up after everyone as well as interacting with all who show up and manage the conversations so that everyone is included and heard.

# Typing Lessons
Did a bit on a typing lesson to see if it's possible to up my speed and accuracy in typing to help me work faster.

# Productivity Website
Made some changes to the structure of the website, to make implementing the Javascript easier on me I've broken down each of the sections and keeping them on their own dedicated pages for testing, once they are all ready then I can look to seeing what shared CSS and functions there are and gradually merge it all into one functioning website.

I've also went and followed a tutorial to get the note taking app done.

# Japanese
Reread some of Kimi no Na wa, and getting further with my understanding of it.
Going to go play games again that are in Japanese.