Today it's a beautiful sunny day... Or it would be if it wasn't super cold outside.

Escaped from the snow that is happening in the other parts of the country, but still cold.

I'm finding that I do want to connect and be active with others in my learning, which is proving a bit tricky to do. I have used StudyStream in the past, however it has been lagging on my side for a while, so open to other possibilities.

Joined a discord server around studying that is aimed for my age range, so will see how it works out.

# Today's Intentions
- Get all context out of my mind and into code/paper for Tic Tac Toe
- Make a start on Shirokuma Cafe Ep 2
- At least one kata complete on Codewars

# Tic Tac Toe
I have some more written down, I think hashes are the way to go with this. Can create a method in which a hash is created during the playing and use that to keep tabs on the counter for win conditions.

The hash idea has been thrown out in favour of a more simple array idea. A general overview of what is needed to be done has been written up and trying to convert it to pseudocode before adding to the repo.

Found a much better way of doing things than my own and currently debugging it and seeing how to make it work.

# Productivity App
Wrote out more things that I need to look into for completetion

# Shirokuma Cafe
Watched the first half of Shirokuma Cafe ep 2, I understood more than I was expecting to with it, so that was a positive start. Will continue on with it more next time.

# General Maintenance
Box let me know that it needed updated so working on updating my box ^_^