Today I've been physically unwell, I'm not long awake and settled enough to get some work done.

There are no intentions today due to me taking it gently and not knowing how much I'll be able to complete in one sitting.

Hopefully things will clear up quickly and I'll be able to be up to full steam ahead again.

# Japanese
Started my Anki deck for today, and looking to find a language study buddy online to keep me on track, preferrably one who is as novice as I am.

Started to reread You're Name, managing to get further this time with my learning, hopefully will be able to understand it better and go for longer once I'm feeling better.

# General Maintence
Updated base box and all software in it, also need to update my own OS and it's software.

# University
> Reminder to call SAAS tomorrow to get my information to be able to enroll for the part time fee grant.
This is gonna be painful, SAAS always is.

# Cookbook
I think I should start keeping helpful links and cheat sheets in my cookbook for future reference, the outcome of this should be less work overall with higher quality, and having external sources all in one place.

# The Odin Project - Mastermind Project
Looked back on this, tried out a working demonstration of mastermind game online and got an idea for how it runs.

I've written out the steps needed to complete the game and broke it down into what coding skills I think I would need to be able to make it work... Just now that I notice, most of this can be done in Javascript, not Ruby as is being asked. Will need to find a way of making this work in Ruby instead.