Slow day, been very cold again today due to the cold snap happening in the country.

Got a few songs stuck in my head that just won't quit it today, hopefully I can get it to calm down eventually, or just give in. Not too sure yet.

The songs are Calling by Vamps (JPN) and Don't Be Afraid by L'arc~en~ciel.

# Intentions
- Shirokuma Cafe Ep 3
- Research into the Study Website project

# Shirokuma Cafe
Watched the first half of episode three, it was a bit hard to understand as there is a lot of new words and vocab to learn from the episode, however I know I will get it with time ^_^

Thinking about reinstalling the dictionary that I was using beforehand for easier understanding of the words I am struggling with while I get used to them.

Happy that I could understand as much as I could, I was able to pick up on negative tense and questions fairly easily and recognised some words.

# Study Website Project
Looking into the languages that other people have been using to create the features that I'm looking for, as well as API's to manage it too.

So far found tutorials on all the nuts and bolts things, hoping to start looking at tutorials and resources for making the UI and also been pointed towards looking at localStorage and sessionStorage.

Managed to complte a tutorial for making the to do list using localStorage, the next goal is to get it working properly with the JS being called into it rather than being part of the same HTML code.

After this is complete I will be working on either notes or pomodoro timer.