Today has been a self care day, it's been a second day of low mood and have needed to try hard to get out of it.

# Intentions
- Think some things over regarding Japanese learning
- Vargant stuff

# Vagrant
Had a session with my mentor where we went over what I have learned in Vagrant already and worked on creating a new env. While waiting for the box to download my mentor also introduced me to some tools for cleaning my windows machine and we discussed our study and work environments.

# Work Environment
This seems like a bit of a silly thing to put in here, however I do see it as being a key thing to keep in mind for personal developement.

My own environment has been getting an upgrade recently as it's been tidied up and reorganised, there's a lot I would love to do to get it as organised as possible, just I have a landlord and I think they'd want me to keep holes in the wall to a minimun, so no nice peg board for me to hang all my stuff on. But I can save up for a new desk and chair to make things slightly nicer for myself.

# Japanese Learning
I'm going to need to focus up more and get a proper plan in place for learning, I think I might end up holding off until I can afford lessons so that I can have more structure in my learning, either that or see if I can find a language swap or just someone to help me keep going and to be around while I learn.

I've realised that being with people who are also learning what I am is key for me to keep my progress going regardless of how eager I am to see something through.

# Mass Uploads
People reading this may have seen the bulk uploads I was doing, this was me backing up and displaying older code that I have had laying around on my system for a while.
I don't think I'm going to revisit any of them, but they are there for the curious people... And deleted from my desktop to give me some more space.