Had the netwalking group again today, it was quiet, only three of us showed up.

I hope more people come with time and we can have larger groups going out so I can meet more people.

Outside of that, today has been a very productive day in general, and the food has been good as well! (Well, some of it)

Finishing off early today to get some decent sleep and to sort out my sleeping pattern.

# Intentions
- Concerning the Sound of a Train Whistle in the Night or On the Efficacy of Fiction by Murakami Haruki
- Non-violent Communication
- Mastermind Project
- Look into what is needed for OSCP

# University
I've applied to be enrolled in the October start today. I talked to the support desk at the student award agency to get my details from them and applied through them.
Because I didn't know what to put down, I did make one small mistake when inputting my finances, but it's not much of a difference between my overall income and my income minus the housing part.

There will be one module starting in October, and the others will start within a few months. Hopefully will be able to pass them all first time and be well on my way to completing the degree within the three year timeline.

# Networking
Netwalking group today was only three people (including myself), only one new person to meet today, so not many chances to network, however I did get to enjoy going outside into the fresh air which was a feel good thing as it's starting to get quite nice here.

# Concerning the Sound of a Train Whistle in the Night or On the Efficacy of Fiction
I've been reading more of this short story today, made it up to line 6 so far, there is a lot of stopping and starting with having to find out what words mean, but this will hopefully reduce as time goes on and I'm remembering more and more.

# Mastermind Project
There was an issue in my original planning in that it would be implemented best in Javascript with a GUI, I realise that this doesn't meet the criteria given to me in the project and so have looked for ways to implement it in Ruby instead.

The changes would be to drop the colourful GUI and make it command line based, to get the colours I would use letters to symbolise them instead.

It would be better to have the letters as one line and keep it stored as one line in an array, lots of thinking, it might be time to open up the repo for it so I can write it all out into there.

# Non-Violent Communication
I've been reading this book on and off for a while now as a means to better communicate in a professional way and to be able to handle conflict resolution more effectivetly both in public and private.

Making a point to add it in here to encourage me to go on and as I believe this counts towards mental development.

I finished chapter 7 and stopping there for now to take the time to let the information settle in and develop in my mind.

This chapter was on recieving empathetically, to me, some of it is common sense, however some of the examples seem to me to be childish and patronising, I think I would like some in-person experience to know about this a bit better.

# OSCP
Looking into it, found the PEN-200 course which has it's course syllabus online, this looks like a promising lead.

The prerequisites are to know about TCP/IP networking, python and Windows and Linux admin.

I have knowledge of Linux and Windows admin through learning with Hack the Box, I should go and finish off the Windows section.

After that, I will go look into networking for a bit before looking at the syllabus and seeing how I can learn it on my own.

# Hack the Box - Linux Fundementals
It's a good thing I popped back into here to finish the Windows section, the Linux section has seen a huge increase in content as well, so taking the time to go through and complete the new sections.