My workbooks for university arrived in the mail today, so I'm going to make a start on them. I know that the course doesn't start until October, however I want as much of a head start as possible so I have time in case I need to take it again.

Also, after all my revisions in my blog post yesterday I wasn't able to get any Japanese done, so will make a point of doing that today.

But hey, had a lovely cup of matcha and an almond croissant for breakfast, two things that I've been craving all week long.

This evening I do have an event to go to, there is an online breaking into cyber event in a discord server that I'm in (CJH), so I'm going to go to that and I hope it's as good as it says on the tin. These guys know their stuff so it should be.

Feeling a bit drained after university work and attempting Japanese, so I think a slightly longer break is in order to recover. I'm still trying to build stamina to study for longer hours during the daytime so  I can manage to keep the pace with what I'm doing.

Another small win for today, I'm up at day 5 of the daily meditation challenge, it goes for 30 days, and I've been resetting when I miss a day back to zero, in the past I've only been able to get to day 2, so this is a massive boost.

The breaking into cyber course was moved to Monday, back to regular pomodoros.

# Intentions
- Read through the module guide
- Start Japanese homework

# University
I read through the module guide, so far it seems like everything I'll be covering has previously been covered in my higher computing class, if this is the case then this should be easy for me to go through and develop.

It also covered what will be in the assessments and how to manage studying.

The first module will introduce the technological world.

I'll try to complete part one today - Living in a Digital World.

Completed part 1.1, Computers and communications : from rarity to ubiuquity, it is a history lesson of how technology came to be. Overall it is a whistlestop tour of the developments since the 1950s. I did learn some interesting facts, I didn't know about how phones used to be, I also didn't know about the original purpose of SMS either.

Completed all of week one's coursework. Just need to do two tasks when it finally opens up on the module.

# Japanese
Didn't feel settled enough yet to do Genki book, so going back and going over the graded readers. I did try to read ロボットDた「日記」, but it's a little bit out my level for now, at least word wise. I'll be able to get to it soon, I'll try.

Found a copy of Minna no Nihongo, will do that alongside classes