Wow, it's been a while, long time no see!

I've been busy while I've been away, but so much has happened that I've forgotten to keep this blog up-to-date, so to remedy, here's a catch up.

# Catch-up

## TCM Academy
I learnt of the existence of TCM Academy, at the time the Practical Ethical Hacking course was pay what you can, suffice to say, I bought it and have been working through it ever since. I'm currently half-way through completing the course. I've popped my first shells in target machines, including some privledge escalation, and lots and lots of ennumerating.

It has also covered information gathering through recon, vuln scanning, basic exploits and where I'm currently at they are about to go over Active Directory attacks.

The course is really interesting and I hope to gain more knowledge from it.

## Long Form Blog
Managed to put together a blog for myself using the Chirpy theme, it's been quite interesting and there's been a lot of updates to it so far. It contains my more professional postings compared to this which is a daily round up of the days work and my random musing thrown in. So far I've documented my new laptops build, missing out the section on how I automated my Linux install, however there are some things to get put into that still. I might revisit that series and get my Linux build up and running on the blog.

## Personal Development
I've started taking classes for this, I go onto them as they seem interesting and just generally working my way through all of these. The ones I've taken so far revolve around time keeping, ethics and responsibilities, as well as conflict management.

## University
It starts back in just under two months time.

## Japanese
I've decided to hire a proper teacher, we're starting from scratch and working together, he knows my aim is to become employable by a Japanese company. I've also bought a whole bunch of graded readers that I've been working through.

## Operating Systems
I've managed to now dual boot two laptops with Linux! On top of this, my second laptop has given me experience with how to set up a Windows 11 computer. I also managed to fully automate the Linux install. It was a "fun" time. The new laptop has a graphics card which threw me for a lot of loops when trying to get Linux working as the community drivers don't work for my card and having to battle to get to the proprietary ones was a challenge.

There are a few things that I want to update when it comes to my Linux side of things, such as managing to get the Japanese keyboard working correctly. I'll look into this and perhaps type up how I was able to do so.

Boop, test push