New day, new time to learn.

Going to try to come back to this every time I'm learning as it's proving to be useful for keeping track of what I'm getting up to.

# Intentions
- Make a start on Japanese homework
- Get the Japanese keyboard working on Linux
- Make a start on the CIA Triad article
- Get certain software working

I think I will start the morning with Japanese learning and then go onto technology in the afternoon/early evening when I know my mentor will be around to ask in case I get stuck at all.

Recently I've been using this youtube video for study, it helps a lot https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DXT9dF-WK-I , it's a four hour study with me type deal where there is a pomodoro timer and music running during the study times, it's been helping to draw my focus in much more and to keep me going when I loose track of what I'm doing.

## Networking
Today I spent my first pomodoro time connecting with others in the cybersecurity industry via people who have put their LinkedIn accounts up in the discord servers I'm part of.

## Japanese Keyboard Input
Turns out that this was a lot simpler than I first thought, found out how to do it via this - https://help.ubuntu.com/community/JapaneseInput
The language pack is currently installing and will do the rest afterwards to see if it works.
I had to follow different instructions, but it works now.

## Japanese Homework
Doing my homework for my Italki class. Doing lesson one in the Genki book, so far it's feeling quite simple, I'm choosing the right Hiragana for what I'm reading and listening too.

After lunch I'll carry on with it and see if I can complete this section, then I'll do the other two sections that I've been asked to do on other days so that I'm spacing them all out.

Finished my homework eventually, it took longer than expected, the reading practice went well and then it was having to write out an introduction for myself in Japanese, I think I've done well, will find out when my teacher reviews it. I'll do the next section tomorrow.

Then I went and did some crosswords in Japanese to solidify the learning that I've been doing so far.

# CIA Triad Long-Form Blog
Started working on this and realised that it would be better to keep all my working for my blog posts in a repo, so I've made a private repo dedicated to my researching and note for the blogs that I'm writing on my website.

First draft is nearly completed, and then I had a brain fart.

I think I'll go and finish up writing up about my Linux installation so I can have a blog post up about that as well.

# Ansible
Time to go update my cookbook, and gather up all the ansible things I was *supposed* to have taken notes on months ago but never did.

Updated my cookbook for ansible and added a whole bunch of extra notes into it so I know what each thing does.