Made it a full month of logging and onto April now, time sure does fly doesn't it?

Been thinking of the though "If you don't take time for your body then it will force you into taking more time off", I think that's true, I think I need to have a good balance between study and sleep in order to full function, and especially at the rate that I wish to function at.

# Intentions
- Japanese
- Check university
- Start on the checklist

# University
I got an email saying that my place has been reserved, so went online to check and found that my funding has been approved and that I'm officially on the course!
This is an exciting time, I'm looking forward to starting in October, just a lot I want to achieve by then to fully set myself up for success.

Looking at the course content, it seems like I will be covered for most of it so far. They have a section on the languages used for each level and how involved the programming is. First year will see me using Scratch and Python. Scratch is known to me and I'm aware that it's used to demonstrate simple programming concepts, so I'm hoping that it will be just as easy for me to understand as I think it will be. Python, I've already got a base knowledge of Python, and with me currently learning Ruby, can switch and apply the knowledge that I'm learning there to Python.

I've also looked at the program requirements for my laptop when I start, it all seems to be in-house software that they are using. I will ask if it's possible to keep using my own programming environment as this is what is comfortable to me, or if I have to switch to theirs. If I need to switch I may ask to see if I can play with it ahead of time to get used to it before course starts.

The rest all seems like things that I am used to and should be able to complete with relative ease, it will be the paperwork and history that I feel like I will be lacking in the most.

# Non-Violent Communication
Read through chapter 8, The Power of Empathy. This chapter, I can understand where he is coming from, we all wish to be heard and understood. At times it can be difficult, but the more receptive you are the more likely people will open up to you. I've seen this in person as well.

I do think that some of the examples that he has shared in his book are very extreme, and curious if there's a hint of exaggeration in there. However, the core principle is correct.

# Japanese
Started rereading short story, I'm understanding more words first time and needing to recheck what they mean less. However feeling unsettled with it, may come back to it after a technology pomo, or hold off until tomorrow.

# PEN-200 Syllabus
Recreating this the cheapskate way, I'm already comfortable with setting up Kali boxes and machines as I've got a vagrant Kali stashed in my repos, and I know how to download and run it as a regular box as well. My current development environment is actually Xubuntu running on a VM.

Going to get more knowledge of TCP/IP before continuing.

So far, found a very good resource, this is going to take me a while to get through the whole tutorial, link below for my reference.

http://xahlee.info/linux/tcp_ip_tutorial.html
