# New Course Day

Starting a new course today to develop personal and employable skills.

## Morning Session

Morning session went over our brief for the next 8 weeks, we will be creating an interactive CV that showcases our skills and abilities.

It has to show our ability to collect images, videos and sounds. As well as our ability to plan and manage our time.

For myself, I wish to study towards and create a CV for either online teaching, or for cyber security. I have some ideas of things that I can include for this, I need to increase my skills for them all.

For the website side of things, my current plan is to go through Odin Project as quickly as possible so that I can create a website with interactive elements coded by myself.

The content, I was thinking some videos showing my ability to teach people to get others interested in my teaching skills (Already studied areas), as well as perhaps making my own capture the flags if I grow that ability, however that will come down later on the line.

For now, I need to make images for the layout, learn how to layout my website, and continue to develop those skills.

## Afternoon Session

In the afternoon session we went over the "meta skills", what they are and why they are important for work and personal development.

The three main meta skill sections are, self-management, social intelligence and innovation.

Within myself, I have noticed that I need to improve on my self-management, in particular my ability to focus and keep to a schedule is in need of work. I also need to think more on how to go to others with solutions rather than problems and work towards being able to keep my concentration going when I reach a problem or a bottleneck in my work.

I'm confident in my social intelligence skills, however could do with improvement on my ability to talk within a group of peers better. I do have good teaching, leadership and presenting skills, however would like some more experience in my debating and reasoning skills.

For innovation, this is my strongest area, with the weakest area currently being creativity, however I am taking myself being in a slump towards this one currently being lowered.
