# Windows Subsytem for Linux

Learning how to use WSL today.

My main takeaway from learning so far is that it allows for use of software that is Linux first to be ran on Windows and for command line of Linux to be ran without needing a virtual machine to do so.

WSL, Terminal and Ubuntu have been installed are all working now.

Following tutorial to link Ubuntu, Vagrant, Ansible and all to work from Windows.

All crashing at installing vagrant into terminal

# Ansible
Learning about the basics of ansible and how to install ansible in the Xubuntu VM.

Session with my mentor to learn all about ansible.

The goal of our session was to have a fully working base box using vagrant and ansible that I can use for the basis of any web development projects that I need a VM in order to run.

The session started with getting the basics of the vagrant file completed and the ansible itself was added in via ansible local provisioner.

From there we worked out exactly what I would need for a web development environment, going off of the learning materials for the Odin Project as a guideline.

To get started I was tasked with doing a "hello world" task in ansible followed by installing Vim to understand what was going on and how to get ansible to provision a machine.

After that my mentor taught me about ansible roles, and we worked on a role together to make the basics of a web development box. After that I worked on my own to make a role for customising my bash shell to zsh, after I had made my attempt my mentor offered me his code to help learn. The final task was to work on my own to get Ruby provisioned on my machine using rbenv and a variety of packages.

As of day end, the basics of the box are there, the Ruby provision isn't fully complete and the shell provision needs some tweaking.